Welcome, everyone.
Let's talk about an ordered six eight.
And as I told you, it won't be that easy to call.
And there are some findings that I have done around this problem.
Of course, if you find something interesting about it, let me know as well and even comment it.
And.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So yeah.
So you need to do what happened in the first.
We have one only in two we have two and three.
We have three.
So the important point is I would say it is an increasing.
If we have this increasing property then we are trying to write recursion.
Then it will always give me a unique bit.
It will always give me in an ordered beer.
Where?
The idea does not matter because if I have any too I mean, if I have any multiple looks, if I have
one plus three plus one plus two, it just same as one plus.
One plus.
Two plus three, which is same as three plus two plus one +18.
If I sold all of them, they will become same and they will become same, which is one plus one less
+38.
So I'm just using this property that if I saw some random things and they are unordered, then.
They will give me the same apple.
So yeah, let's code this by writing a simple recording and then we'll see how to do it.
So how will you maintain this increasing property?
By writing.
Recording?
But what I can do is I can see that I have a number for the let me add some space these areas.
Let's have an amber for it.
But I will say I will divide it.
I see right now the minimum value that I'm using to partition.
This is one.
I'll start with this.
And then what will happen?
I'll partition one and the rest will be ready.
Now the new minimum is one two.
Basically, it will be, yeah.
The minimum is one still party in history.
And let's see, I'm also just for your explanation.
I'm just writing the answer there and partitioning it.
And this was one I can also partitioning because as I said, it is minimum is one note and I want it
to be increasing.
I can also partition it by using to the new minimum that becomes two because I'm starting my partition
with two.
So the number that is left is to the new.
It is that I'm getting is two and the minimum that I'm getting is to let me write in the table is minimum.
And and this is for the explanation purposes.
The example.
The third one is the eight.
So let's say I'm taking three as the minimum.
I'm starting it with three.
And I and we just left is one.
So I know it is a slightly confusing this minimum thing, but when we go to it, we will understand
it in a better way, maybe a little recorded for us that you can see actually what I'm talking about.
Okay.
So initially what I'll do is yeah, let me move this.
Initially, I'll just take an.
It's important and I know this for while to see out and.
Count.
Unordered.
Eight.
And in this aisle, this bus and and in Italy, I'm digging one as the minimum.
They don't partition it with anything less than one in Italy.
So let's say an ordered.
And it's a minimum.
And let's say we have an eight or so how how I want to partition and I want to partition in by something
which is greater than equal to this minimum.
I mean, it is at least at this minimum variety, I think, min.
And this I say.
I will start from Min.
I will vote.
And I am partitioning this.
By using a boat.
Simply building on city zero and even partitioning and just ask the new minimum now will become I because
it little I'm starting from minimum value whatever was there they want to partition it by adding this
minimum or something greater than this.
Right.
So even partitioning by something greater than this, let's say this minimum plus one or two or three
or whatever, then the new minimum becomes eight, eight.
Because now I cannot go less than I will always try to go greater than eight.
So DPI and and minus C because I've already taken this eight, I already have this got eight, I already
partition by and I'm trying to grow something which is greater than it.
Tim Lee finally ended.
And the answer?
It can be slightly confusing for a lot of us, but this is I mean, important to understand.
It's pure recursion.
I'm just partitioning N into something which is greater than or equal to me.
This is important.
Well.
Yeah.
So if story, if anything was originally written, one, that means I found a way and I just printed
it.
Let's see what I got.
Okay.
So it's not repeat count on ordered.
Hmm.
So far, four.
I have five.
Okay, so let's do one thing.
Let's put in this whole series eight.
So instead of just four for.
Let's read for every number from 1 to 20.
Eight.
So this becomes let's pass ESPN and let's see what is the.
It is that we are getting.
So as in the unordered side of things, the series that we were getting was.
A tourist to the barbers.
But in this case, what is this resort I'm getting?
It is one, two, three, five, seven, 11, 15, 22 and 30, 42, 56, 77.
I'm I can't figure out if it is a particular series or not.
So.
For some educational purposes.
What I'll do is.
I tell you how to figure out what cities this is?
In that case, what I will do is we'll just take some fewer terms of the cities.
Let's say one, two, three, five, seven, 11.
Let's take the first few dumps.
I've taken the first few dumps and I've written or ERISA uses nothing but online encyclopedia and tedious
sequences rule.
So this is the forces that I get from is due to its grand opening.
As you can see, this is the city that we are worried about.
What an equals to zero.
It is one.
And then this starts from one eight.
So if I start remaining close to zero, then I'll get the exact 68.
So it is one one, two, three, five, seven.
So it is same one one, two, three, five, seven, 11, 15.
This is online Encyclopedia of India sequentially.
I'm just sharing it so that it will be very useful to be.
Not able to optimize it further and led to the onset of the problem in the particular series.
What we can do is we can just put in total written numbers of the series by writing a brute force code,
and then we can search for that series on the online encyclopedia of integers.
Now, what does this do?
It tells me everything, each and every detail about any of the series that exist.
Of course there is.
I mean, there are millions of cities, but yes, this will tell me everything about the cities.
Rachel, let's see this.
This is a name given to the cities and the number of partitions.
Often this is what we are also trying to find out.
Date the partition numbers.
So it's called the partition numbers.
And this is the whole city.
So here are the first few dumps.
If you want to look at some more terms, you can of course, go to the links.
And what I always do is I try to go down and see the formula about it.
So this G.F. is nothing but generating function.
So this is high level meant something.
What happens is if for a particular cities, okay, let's say let's search Fibonacci numbers in this.
So it is one plus one and one plus one, two, three, one, one, two.
And three, five.
It or a straight line what I did and what I got.
I got the crazy this Fibonacci numbers.
And it has given me the direct formula for it, which is f you go strip in minus one bicep and minus
two the direct recursive relation.
We have it and it will tell you it in every detail about this series.
It means you can read it if you want to.
But let's get back and let's see how to use it.
So these are generating functions.
This is also generating function.
This is another interesting property offered.
Something related to Pentagon numbers.
This is another interesting thing that Ian is approximately equal to one divided by four into an described
of three into Irish to devour pie in the sky enough to win by three.
And this is what might be was denied by Hardy and Ramanujan.
We know about this.
Agent Ramanujan with the famous.
A mathematician and Hardy was his professor.
Eight.
So this is approximately equal.
So this is not we're worried about and.
Again, we have some other relation to another series to this, any industries and which is equal to
this particular series, which is the longest given, you can see.
And so this is also what we want.
So I actually searched for a particular formula that if I did some one one formula so that I can directly
put it in often, but I was not able to get any rate.
That means this this this series is very interesting.
It doesn't have a special formula.
That means it cannot be predicted, means a particular number cannot be directly found out, because
we have to find the previous numbers, finding forward numbers.
So there's no one solution of this series.
You.
Let's get back.
Yeah, but tell me, what is the, um.
The complexity of this code?
Well, you can see I have mine.
I have.
And if I memorize it, then it will be minimum.
And Darwin will be the.
What we see.
The state's minimum interest rate is also equal to in it can go from 1.8.
We have an enduring state and for all those two states, we are doing some work in this for a loop.
Often this is off and into and into any type of solution optimization.
You all can memorize it.
I'm not memorizing it because they're easy to memorize it.
It it is off and cube solution, which is kind of big.
And as I said, I was not able to find an off one solution of the series.
Eight.
Like direct any relation so that I can make a formula which is directly based on and there wasn't any.
So what I'll do is.
I have another interesting solution to this problem, which actually fascinated me as well.
And I'm still figuring out the why is that solution working right?
So I'll share their solution with all of us here.
And then if any one of you is able to figure out any recourse in religion that might suit it.
You're welcome.
And you can even commented and tell us all.
But I just share this solution with you.
Right?
So here it is.
The off end.
And in doing so.
It's what is orphaned into an solution.
Yeah.
Let's see.
I have some deep theory and it's deep and or it's in plus one.
So what do they say.
Deep zero equals to n.
So we we all know that deep zero is equal to one.
There is a base is eight, if any zero and one will.
No.
Now is the time.
Yeah.
So let's just see this.
I found it online and I just shared it with you.
So I will start from one I will go to in full.
A view on the loop inside it, which is g eight and D will start from my.
They will go down and.
And what will happen?
Just see this.
What will happen?
DP de Blessing goes to DP J minus.
Hey, look, look, if this just if I win, if I'm not able to find out why this solution is working
and giving me the correct answer, this video will be there.
If I'm able to find out that this solution has a specific reason, then I did it in.
This will do it right.
What happens is what is happening?
DP de plus it goes through dp j minus i.e. in this case two.
Let's see what all values are we getting after each of these iterations?
They try to just print.
Let me just bring this.
Let me just bring up after all these iterations happen to keep close to zero killers, any goal to end,
quote, deep.
Eight.
And this will.
Let's see.
Okay.
So before that, what we can do is let me mark other deposits as zero eight.
Remember to become a zero comma side of it because all those garbage values are put over here.
Ma'am missed?
No, ma'am.
Sit.
Right.
So instead of four, let's do it for and.
And then let's see what what's happening in Italy.
We have one because we know zero is one.
So what's happening?
All the deep dos do starting from one and going in the first iteration that I'm talking about, the
first line it will be equal to deep will be equal to it will add deep Jew minus an ice one, basically
adding the previous letter in Italy.
All of them are.
Okay.
Let me bring the initial of.
Fingers here.
Let's bring it here.
So in the first line it is 1000.
Then what's happening?
EPI day, minus one, Rachel.
In the first iteration, the PGA Classic goes to the PGA minus one.
Then deep, deep.
Plus he goes to the PGA minus two.
As you can see.
It is blessing to DP D-minus to.
Then do minus three in the minus four, five, six, seven and so on.
As you know, you can see now that you can see that it is the same.
It is the same cities that we want, which is this 11235721123, five, seven, 11, 15, 2211.
15, 22, 30.
And the last one is 48.
So have you good fortune.
Because I've put into the above.
Here, let me bring it down.
So here we'll see.
It will be 40.
So in each step what is happening?
All these diagonal numbers are being finalized.
We have one was finalized, then this one is finalized.
Then this two is very loose.
Three, five, seven, 11, 15, 22.
30 and then this 48.
They are being finalized one by one.
And until today.
I'm just wondering, how can it lead to a particular record ovulation or resolution or how am I building
this?
But.
I'm still figuring it out, Nate.
If anyone, if you dig deeper into it and try to figure it out and always let me know and you can always
make an update video of this.
Yeah.
So let me put in 1015 and you can see that all of them will work eventually.
Eight.
So this is the cities that we want.
And in case this is an orphan square solution, so ideally recorded an orphan girl solution after memorization.
This is Orphan Square Solution VI and Square, although the streets are end only.
But you can see what all we are going for.
All right, so this isn't orphan work here.
If there's an orphan work and there end state.
So it is Orphan Square solution.
Well.
So.
Thank you, everyone.
Let's.
I'm just waiting to hear something from your brain on this particular solution.
And I'm sure they could put things.